And your Chen family
Charge as much as you have
One counts as one
No one can escape from Nancheng
How does the owner deal with this person?
Hey, what are you doing?
You, you, don't come here
Ahahaha
Don't know how to take them out
Yes
The owner's wife is too cunning
Poison everywhere
Causing panic in the streets
He took advantage of the chaos and fled
Run away, run away
Just missing a tip
Miss
Why are you so embarrassed?
Miss, Ouyang Feilong's subordinates are too powerful
I can't beat him in martial arts
But I don't agree
You must find opportunities in the future
Let them taste how good I am
Goddamn thing
Neither my man nor the butler came back
What are you doing back here?
How dare you make excuses for me?
Waste is waste
Miss niece
How can that be?
You should save my son
Our Fang family has such a single seedling.